{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 System;}{\f1\fnil Consolas;}{\f2\fnil System;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ri-1710\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs56\lang9 SandTech(Bread V2.5) \fs28 Updated: 11/\f1\ltrmark\f0 20/\f1\ltrmark\f0 2025\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs72 ------------------------------------------------\par
\fs52 Main PC\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Case: HYTE Y70 Touch Infinite \line Tubing type: Clear Rigid\par
Fitting base color: Black\par
Coolant color : Clear\par
Radiator(s): Hydro X Series XR7 360 V2 Custom Cooling Radiator (x2?)\par
Reservoir/Pump: iCUE LINK XD6 RGB ELITE LCD Pump/Reservoir Combo\par
Corsair Hub: Corsair iCUE LINK System Hub, Black\par
Coolant: Corsair Hydro X Series XL8 Performance Coolant 1L \f2\emdash\f0  Clear\par
-------[ Plugs & Fittings ]------\par
Stopper/fill port: Corsair Hydro X Series XF Fill Port \f2\emdash\f0  Black\par
\lang1033 Ball Valve: Corsair Hydro X Series XF Ball Valve \f2\emdash\f0  Black\par
Rotary Adapter (90): Corsair Hydro X Series 90\'b0 Rotary Adapter Twin Pack \f2\emdash\f0  Black\par
Ysplitter: Corsair Hydro X Series XF Rotary Y-Splitter \f2\emdash\f0  Black\par
Fitting: Corsair Hydro X Series XF Hardline 14mm OD Fitting Four Pack \f2\emdash\f0  Black\par
Compression Fitting: Corsair \lang9\par
\lang1033 ------------------------------------------\lang9\par
GPU: Nvidia / Asus RTX 5090 Astral ( Water cooled )\par
GPU Waterblock: Hydro X Series XG5 RGB 5090 ASTRAL GPU Water Block\par
GPU Thermal Pads: Thermal Grizzly Minus Pad extreme 2 OR Thermal Grizzly TG Putty\par
CPU: AMD Ryzen 9 9950X3D ( Water cooled)\par
CPU Contact frame: Thermal Grizzly Contact Sealing Frame AM5\par
CPU Thermal Paste: Thermal Grizzly Duronaut Thermal Paste\line CPU Waterblock: Corsair iCUE XC7 RGB ELITE LCD CPU Water Block - Stealth Gray\par
RAM: Kingston Fury beast DDR5 5600MT/s 64GB\par
PSU: Lian Li Edge ( 1300W )\par
Motherboard: Asus ROG Crosshair X870E Extreme\par
Fans: Lian Li UNI Fan TL LCD\line Storage: MP700 PRO SE Hydro X Series 4TB PCIe 5.0 x4 NVMe M.2 SSD\par
Operating System: WIndows 11 Pro (Activated)\par
Chassis lighting: SuperLightingLED WS2812B 32Chips/m Addressable RGB COB LED \par
\fs72 ------------------------------------------------\par
\fs52 Tools\par
\fs22\par
\fs32 Open loop tester: Corsair Hydro X Series XT Pressure Leak Tester Tool Kit\par
Filling bottle: Corsair Hydro X Series Filling Bottle\par
Hardline toolkit: Corsair Hydro X Series XT Hardline Bending Toolkit (12mm & 14mm)\par
Magnetic tray: 3 Pieces Magnetic Trays with 5LBs Telescoping Magnetic Pick-up Tool \par
Tweezers: DragonflyDreams 4 Pieces Tweezers with Rubber PVC Coated Set\par
Snippers: BOENFU Small Wire Cutter\par
Screwdrivers: Amazon Basics 42-Piece Impact Screwdriver Bit Set Phillips, Slotted Torx\par
Screwdriver precision: JOREST 40Pcs Small Precision Screwdriver Set\par
Anti-static bracelet: STREBITO Anti Static Wrist Strap\par
Cleaning pads: Medium Alcohol Wipes 200 Sterile Alcohol Pads Saturated 70% Isopropyl\par
\fs72 ------------------------------------------------\par
\fs52 Peripherals and other stuff\par
\fs32\par
Fingerprint scanner: Kensington VeriMark Desktop Fingerprint Key\par
Webcam: Logitech Brio\par
Stream Deck/Utils: CORSAIR XENEON EDGE 14.5" LCD Touchscreen\par
Mic: Shure MV7+\par
Headphones: Steelseries Arctis Nova Pro Wireless for PC & PlayStation\par
Speakers: SteelSeries Arena 9\par
Keyboard: Steelseries Apex Pro Gen 3\par
Mouse: Corsair M75 WIRELESS Lightweight RGB Mouse, Black\par
For portability: Jackery 1000 v2\par
Desk: Secretlab MAGNUS Pro\par
Desk Mat: Corsair MM700 RGB Extended 3XL Cloth Gaming Mouse Pad / Desk Mat\par
UPS: CyberPower PR1500RTXL2UC 1500VA/1500W, 120 VAC Pure SineWave\par
Chair: Steelcase Leap\par
MIDI/Keyboard: Arturia KeyLab 61 MkII\par
Monitor arms: Huanuo TS3 Triple Monitor Mount - Black\par
Monitors: LG UltraGear 32GS95UV (x3)\par
Cable management: Secretlab Cable Management Bundle\par
\par
\fs72 ------------------------------------------------\par
\fs52 Other devices.\par
\fs32\par
-------[ VR ( Meta Q3 ) stuff ]-------\par
VR Headset: Meta Quest 3\par
VR Carrying Case: Meta Quest Carrying Case\par
VR battery Pack Strap: \b0 Meta Quest Elite Strap with Battery\par
VR Face cover: Meta Quest 3 Silicone Facial Interface\b\par
Haptics Vest: bHaptics TactSuit Pro\par
Face Haptics: bHaptics TactVisor\par
Sleeve Haptics: bHaptics TactSleeve\par
Glove Haptics: bHaptics TactGlove DK2 (Pair)\par
Feet Haptics: Tactosy for Feet (Pair)\par
VR strap 2: BOBOVR S3 Pro Battery Strap Accessories,Head Air Cooling System\par
VR Cover: Silicone Cover Set Compatible with Meta/Oculus Quest 3 Accessories\par
Charging dock: Charging Dock for Meta Quest 3 RGB Charging Vertical Stand\par
Earbuds: Soundcore by Anker Wireless VR Earbuds\par
GunStock: MagTube VR gunstock for Quest 3\fs22\par
\fs32 -------------------------------------------------\par
\par
-------[ PCVR ( Pimax ) stuff ]------\par
PCVR Headset: Pimax Crystal Light\par
Hand tracking PCVR: Pimax Hand Tracking Module\par
Face padding PCVR: VR Comfort Kit for Pimax 8K/5K\par
Head Padding: Pimax Crystal Comfort Topstrap\fs22\par
\fs32 -------------------------------------------------\par
Car Sim: Fanatech ClubSport GT Cockpit Gran Turismo Bundle \f2\endash  White (15 Nm)\f0\par
\fs72 ------------------------------------------------\par
\fs52 Software\par
\fs32\par
-------[ Core software ]------\par
Corsair's app: Corsair iCUE\par
Lian-Li's app: Lian Li L-Connect 3\par
Steelseries's app: SteelSeries GG\par
Asus's app: ASUS Armoury Crate\par
---------------------------------------\par
\par
Games: Steam\par
Games: Roblox\par
Games: Minecraft\par
Games: Poppy playtime (Chapters 1-4)\par
Games: Cyberpunk 2077\par
Games: Gmod\par
Games: Teardown\par
Games: Space Simulator\par
Development: Unreal Engine 5.0\par
Development: Embergen\par
Development: Unity\par
Development: VSCode\par
Development: Blender\par
Development: Roblox Studio\par
Utilities: Hardware monitor\par
Utilities: Files 4.0\par
Utilities: Rainmeter\par
Utilities: Wallpaper Engine\par
\fs72 ------------------------------------------------\par
\cf1\fs52 IMPORTANT!!! \cf0 Steps for Preps.\par
\fs32\par
\par
\fs36 Step 1: Pre-Assembly & Component Checks\fs32\par
\par
1.   Test Components first. \cf1 CRITICAL\cf0 : Before installing the custom water blocks on the CPU and GPU, assemble the system outside the case with a basic air cooler (or the GPU's stock cooler) and power it on. Verify the motherboard, CPU, GPU, and RAM all post to the BIOS. It is significantly harder to troubleshoot a bad part once it's in a custom loop.\line\par
2.  Flush Radiators: New radiators often contain manufacturing debris/flux. Thoroughly flush all radiators with hot distilled water until the water runs completely clear. Use a funnel and bucket\f2\emdash\f0 do not skip this step.\line\par
3. Thermal Paste\lang1033 : \lang9 For the Ryzen 9 9950X3D, use a high-quality thermal paste and apply it carefully to ensure full coverage of both chiplets under the block.\par
\par
4. Check Component Clearance\lang1033 : \lang9 Confirm all fan and radiator placements, especially where hard-line tubing runs will pass, to avoid conflicts (e.g., with RAM, motherboard heatsinks, or the vertical GPU mount).\par
\par
\fs36 Step 2: Liquid Cooling Installation\par
\fs32\par
5. Tubing: Measure Twice: For hard-line tubing, measure twice and cut once. Account for the compression fitting insertion depth on every run. You will likely need more tubing and a few extra fittings than initially planned.\par
\par
6. Install Drain Valve: Ensure the drain valve is installed at the absolute lowest point in the loop. This will save you immense effort and potential mess during future maintenance.\par
\par
7. Coolant Temp Sensor: Place the inline coolant temperature sensor where it can read the water after it has passed over the heat sources (CPU/GPU) but before it enters the radiators. This gives you the most accurate reading for setting your fan curves.\par
\par
8. iCUE LINK Hub Setup: Use the single iCUE LINK Hub to manage all fans and RGB. Plan your daisy-chain paths for the fans to minimize visible cables, connecting everything back to that central hub.\par
\par
\fs36 Step 3: Final Test & Power-Up\par
\fs32\par

\pard\ri-630\sl276\slmult1 9. Air-Pressure Leak Test: \cf1 ABSOLUTELY CRITICAL!!!\cf0  Before adding any liquid, use a leak tester to pressurize the loop and let it hold the pressure for at least 15\f2\endash\f0 30 minutes. If the pressure drops, fix the leak (usually a loose fitting or bad O-ring) before proceeding.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
10. 24-Hour Powerless Leak Test\lang1033 : \lang9 After filling the loop with coolant, only power the pump. Place paper towels strategically under every block, fitting, and junction. Run the pump for 24 hours without powering the motherboard or other components. This is the only way to be certain the loop is stable.\par
\par
11. Bleed the Loop\lang1033 : \lang9 Gently rock the case side-to-side to help dislodge air bubbles from the blocks and radiators. Continue running the pump and top off the reservoir until no more large bubbles appear.\par
\par
12. Load Test\lang1033 : \lang9 Once satisfied, boot the system and monitor the coolant temperature under a heavy load (e.g., Blender benchmark, Unreal Engine compile). Ensure temperatures stay within safe operating ranges.\par
\par
\fs72 ------------------------------------------------\fs32\par
}
 